and then personal beauty welcome to
plus a video of the pico channel game place and
this time again in this game
spectacular here today until the five most
once in the channel already start already calls the
your attention for this water that is
Amazing
I always say water would try the
but it's really good and already
showed a map for you
Where we go in this episode here is
in this location you can take as
reference that is if this deviation has
on the road I do not know, guy passed a
everything on the street and down here
this beach you will have the location
for you to get the clothes of
including 6 will have a video on the
description of how to get clothes
diving for those who do not know is the video
most accessed channel the most
access of the company's capital as
get the gta wetsuit
so it's there for you to have a
Look there, it's well explained and I'm selling
more and know that you take a look
There you go and get that
You're in a hurry.
location that I actually spent
This video that is recorded I am
commenting on it because really
I did not get what I wanted in
reality that this video was meant to be a
kind of a search for a skeleton
that has on the bottom of the sea
the skeleton of a blue whale that has
here at gta
I've seen some videos from October
and doing so I wanted to find
show you but I can not
I really got lost here on the bottom of the sea
for this video it was really cool
that we have an idea of ​​what the
gt sea ​​immensity so lost the
that's how much the secrets keep this
sea
so you do not see where I am
I searched hard for this whale did not
I managed to find but I found two
very interesting things that I do not even
I knew that there was then the tip and
if you have the patience to explore
gta seas is really cool really
I was surprised
I found two things that I did not imagine
I would have and I found the first
attack early on
and I think you identify it as
say the skeleton of a ship that
sank
although having a wheel here is I found
that a ship you will also give more to the
front is probably a ship that
sank the plane I'm not sure but it's
One thing I've already decided to think illegal
what is this one must get inside
You investigate everything I do in
I'll have a lot on the subject maybe
some secret a chest something inside
of some of these boats but anyway it is
This was a ship I found and now
I'm going to give a dianta a look at the video
because I searched a lot for this whale
start it now, I'll let it
I quickly searched for you.
the whale could not find it anymore
Here I promise to you that for more
What I thought was the best, I'll do it.
a video for you but anyway you're not
seeing there it will be a long time I
I put the camera fast do not delay
and looking for the whale and not
I managed to find in the end I find another
something that I found very interesting
it's about gta videos already i would like
to tell you if you have
liking gta liking this
Back to gta5, you leave us
comments there please if you are
liking let your like too
people realize if you are liking the
content then not liking videos of
gta5 discuss the episode and will have five
also in case you have not seen go
be in the description take a look that
if you wanted
We may be doing here a
campaign is the way gta campaign is
bringing there
in each episode a sum will be a
campaign mode mission then you
believe in the comments
You really want to be a little
workable is a little hard to do
but if you want I'll do it with
assurance
anyway it's coming in the part that I
I discover something else like you
saw I rode all over this region here
map is then the tip for you if
Do you want to come to this region that
that I mark at the beginning of the video you
will probably find that ship
maybe if you are lucky you will
find whale because I have almost
I'm sure she's only here.
I did not find it, and probably you too.
You will find this other thing that I will
find and after that make this curve
that I will not keep secret
also because they are going to see is an airplane
exactly there is an airplane here that
sank I do not know if he has a
story
if there is anything there, you can already see
deep in the background then that
wheel of the beginning of the video begins to do
some sense to have been of this
airplane is a very large plane
I do not know if there is any history of
as the plane crashed but I do not know if you have
some history related to this but it is
Another thing with a very
want
You can see from the plane that a
the water by the wheel there
It gives to give a entradinha inside
I'm going to come in but it's pretty difficult to
swimming seems like it has a current
Do not accept, I'll hit the wall.
You 'll see all the time.
but at last there is not much for you
see but it's interesting you find a
thing like that
on the bottom of the sea of ​​gta that in the other gt
to be a well know thing there and plunged
it had nothing to do with having a
goldfish and in this one there is a lot
There's a lot of interesting things there in the
seabed
finally the video is staying here
I hope you have really liked me.
I do not have the chimney half bruninho even
of not having found the whale but
finding the plane and the boat there
probably a boat
Anyway, I hope you liked it.
You liked it. I liked it.
sign up for the channel and like I said there
Leave the comment if you are or not
enjoying these gta videos if you
whether that gta series of campaign mode I
I'm going to stay here a hug to everyone
you spoke